Explanation of compiler files:
    /Makefile is a wrapper makefile that calls the actual makefile /src/Makefile. The makefiles have the targets all, clean and distclean.

    Javalette.cf is the BNF file. it is identical to the original file apart from an internal string literal for giving inputs to printString(),
    as well as an interal Typed expression for creating type annotated syntax trees. 
    Note that The internal function type is not used as of now, that will probably change later though.
    The BNF has 1 reduce/ shift conflict taht comes from the "if exp stmt1 else stmt2" and "if expr stmt" statements.
    This conflict appears because these two statements look identical up until the first statement, 
    so after shifting all the first "tokens" including the first statement, 
    you cant tell if you should reduce those first tokens to an "if expr stmt" statement or if you should shift another token and try to get an if-else statement.

    /src/jlc.hs is a wrapper that reads the input program string, sends it to the type checker and
     returns an exit code and "OK" if the program is syntax correct and type correct, otherwise "ERROR".

    /src/Typechecker.hs takes a syntax tree, type checks it and type annotates it.
        The file is divided into 5 parts:
            imports, constants, type declarations and the "main" function
            miscellaneous helper functions
            lookup functions
            functions for updating the environment
            type checker functions for functions, statements and expressions

        Some notable design decisions:
            The environment is passed around manually with functions, and it contains the variables and functions with their types.
            I used this approach since it let me copy most of the code from the PLT course, so I will use the state monad in the later labs.

            I pass a "main"-Bool in the check-statement functions in order to make sure the main function can only return 0.

            check-statement functions return a "returns"-Bool to keep track of whether a statement guarantees a return statement.



    